Dev/kernel functions docs update (#2312)
oneapi-src/oneDAL: docs/source/onedal/algorithms/kernel-functions/rbf-kernel.rst

Computation method: *dense*
---------------------------

> The method computes the rbf kernel function :math:`Z=K(X, Y), Z \in \mathbb{R}^{n \times m}` for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method computes the radial basis function kernel function :math:`Z=K(X, Y), Z \in \mathbb{R}^{n \times m}` for
```

Author: I suppose it is legal to use this abbreviation, because it has already decoded in the title:
`Radial Basis Function (RBF) kernel`.
I replaced it with capital letters.
